[OSDOCS#17175]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-1 (#114270)
openshift/openshift-docs: security/compliance_operator/co-scans/oc-compliance-plug-in-using.adoc

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> Although the Compliance Operator automates many of the checks and remediations for the cluster, the full process of bringing a cluster into compliance often requires administrator interaction with the Compliance Operator API and other components. The `oc-compliance` plugin makes the process easier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[role="_abstract"]
Although the Compliance Operator automates many of the checks and remediations for the cluster, an administrator can use the `oc-compliance` plugin to perform the full process of bringing a cluster into compliance by interacting with the Compliance Operator API and other components.
```
